Account for part 1 in the nf-core training (#476)
nextflow-io/training: docs/hello_nextflow/09_hello_nf-core.md

### Creating your pipeline

Before we start, let's navigate into the `hello-nf-core` directory:

```
cd ..
cd hello-nf-core
```

!!! hint "Open a new window in VSCode"

>     If you are working with VSCode (for example running the training on GitPod), you can open a new window to reduce visual clutter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are working with VS Code you can open a new window to reduce visual clutter:
```
You can change the IDE in Gitpod

    ```bash
    code .
    ```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

[2a/a742ae] process > MYORG_MYFIRSTPIPELINE:MYFIRSTPIPELINE:MULTIQC                 [100%] 1 of 1 ✔
```

> If you want to learn more about how to fine tune and expand the samplesheet schema further, visit [nf-schema](https://nextflow-io.github.io/nf-schema/2.2/nextflow_schema/sample_sheet_schema_specification/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to learn more about how to fine tune and develop the samplesheet schema further, visit [nf-schema](https://nextflow-io.github.io/nf-schema/2.2/nextflow_schema/sample_sheet_schema_specification/).
```
